And once we have our basic structure why don't we add styling so it looks a bit nicer.
Now in this case I am going to add a few more comments because remember we still need to set up or not
bar later on anyway.
So I'm going to copy and paste it in fact four times then.
In this case I'm gonna write for her then of course and the footer and then we're gonna have a nav bar
and our last comment is just gonna signal another number.
Now technically you don't have to have the end of Navarre.
I'm just going to add it anyway.
Now within a footer let's start with the background color and we're gonna do that by targeting the footer
class.
What's the background.
We're gonna go with var main black like so.
So we had our background then we're gonna go for the color and the color is going to be main white.
So that's right.
Main white.
And there you go.
Now our color is in fact man white.
Now of course the color is not main white for our links.
So we're gonna have to do that separately for the font awesome icon as well as the links.
Okay.
Now I do want to set everything in a center so text align center then padding the left and padding right.
We're gonna do let's say two arms.
So let's write putting ring left the left is going to be two arms.
So and putting right is also gonna be two areas.
Let's set them up like so.
And next one up we're gonna work with footer links and footer icons.
So both of these bad boys.
Yeah.
Now let's select both of them footer links karma footer icons and then let's just say display flex so
display the muscle flex.
And that's number one.
Then I would like to use justified content.
So justify content and let's in fact set them up in the center.
Most of them like so both of them are gonna have some kind of margin and bottom and I'm gonna go with
one point five more dreams and then I'm also gonna set up some flex wrap just in case the screen size
gets too small and we need to wrap it into your line so let's write for legs wrap is equal to wrap.
All right.
Now more specifically we have two things.
We have a footwear icon that is of course my fantasy and my cousins social media icons.
And then I have a photo or a link.
So now once we have the setup for all of them whether that's icons and links I'm going to target specifically
the links first and I'm going to do that by selecting footer link that is my class.
And in this case I am going to setup the color of course var main white.
So I'm going to go with the main white leg.
So so now my color is white.
Then also let's capitalize the text text transform capitalized font size.
Now I could go with one hour aims like so then let's maybe add margin right.
One hour Ms.
Margin right long RTM and we'll see I think that looks good enough.
Then you're not.
Why don't we and maybe at one point one or something like that just so it's little bit bigger differences
letter spacing we can do the main spacing letter spacing.
Var dash dash Maine's pacing like so now we have letter spacing and as you clearly can see since we
have the Flex wrap we nicely wrap to the next line.
Once we get to the smaller screen size as well as there's going to be some transition.
So as I'm hovering I would like to have a different color but I would like that change to be over time.
So why don't we do transition.
And we have the variable remember main transition like so.
And then why don't we set up the other effect.
So footer link hover as we're hovering and we should want a different color color of our.
And we're going to go with not main spacing.
We're going to go with the primary color.
I think that's good enough.
Now there's one thing that I need to fix remember that when we set up the links thing I made a mistake
by not in fact using two cursors and I did it the second time and the first time.
I would like to fix where as you see I have two home links.
So the value in this text should be about.
Now let me fix that.
And now that is fixed then within the styles we still need to deal with footer icon and copyright.
So let's select water icon.
Now what I would want for each and every icon while we could increase the font size.
Well let's say one point and nine our Iams something like that margin right is again going to be one
our aims.
Just so there is some margin in between color is going to be also made right.
So are main white like so.
And then lastly let's add also a transition.
So let's try.
Transition and this is going to be a main transition transitions transition var when we had the variable
of main transition and we're going to set up a primary color as well.
So as I'm hovering the links the links are going to be displayed with primary color and the same old
one for my hat cons.
So let's go with footer link I'm sorry not link icon hover and let's change the color by color of our.
And let's go with primary color like so.
So the same thing happens right now to the links and you know it also may be why don't we push it up
a little bit more icons.
And for that we could use a transformed property and I could set this up as translate y so y direction
and I'm going to move it like 10 percent.
Right now if I would like to move it up I need to go negative value so I'm going to go negative 10 percent.
Let's save that.
And we should be able to see our icons are in fact more than 10 percent up as we're hovering over them.
Now last thing let's set up the copyright copy right.
Class and for that particular class we're going to go with text transform capitalized on like so what
else we would like to do maybe letter spacing some letter and letter spacing is going to be main spacing
main spacing.
And as you can see how nice it is once you set up your variables.
Then again if you would like to use the same value well you can just access that one particular variable.
Now if you don't like that value in that variable let's say you just change it in one place and then
it is affected anywhere you used it.
Now of course if you're using a specific custom value for that particular scenario then you cannot do
it but in most cases setting up variables is very very neat.
Now once we're done with our footer we're ready to work on our NAV bar.